Update authorization-code-grant.md (#4569)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/design/api-security/oauth2/grant-types/authorization-code-grant.md

!!! note
    **Before you begin**

>     The following instructions use the sample playground webapp. For instructions on how to set up the sample webapp, see [Setting up the Sample Webapp](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/learn/deploying-the-sample-app/#deploying-the-playground2-webapp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following instructions use the sample playground webapp. For instructions on how to set up the sample webapp, see [Setting up the Sample Webapp](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/5.10.0/learn/deploying-the-sample-app/#deploying-the-playground2-webapp).
```

Reviewer: @samgnaniah it is not correct to have the link as latest here. 5.10.0 is correct. If u see in the git issue it says that it has been fixed for 400 already

Author: I was going by the Release Matrix here [1]. Is this an older sample version we're using?

[1] - https://wso2.com/products/carbon/release-matrix/

Reviewer: Sorry, my bad. APIM 4.0.0 is compatible with IS 5.11.0. Let's add the version in the link without just pointing to latest/
